Change analystic ID, update cytosu and add soyokaze! (#18)
Rurusetto/rurusetto: content/posts/cytosu/index.md

    - Makes it impossible to fail.
  - Score Multiplier: 0.50x

- ![Half Time Icon](mod-icon/half-time-mod.png) Half Time
  - Less Zoom...
    - Decreases speed .75x.
  - Score Multiplier: 0.30x

>   - Click the icon again for*Daycore Mod* : Whoaaaaa...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Click the icon again for `Daycore Mod` : Whoaaaaa...
```

I think it should be like this no?

    - Decreases speed .75x and lowers audio pitch.

### difficulty increase

- ![Double Time Icon](mod-icon/double-time-mod.png) Double Time
  - Zoooooooooom...
    - Increases speed 1.50x.
  - Score Multiplier: 1.12x
  - Click the icon again for `Nightcore Mod` : Uguuuuuuuu...
    - Increases speed 1.50x and raises audio pitch.

### automation

> - ![Relax Icon](mod-icon/relax-mod.png) Relax
>   - To lazy to click your keyboard, eh?
>     - Just move your mouse to a circle note.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ![Relax Icon](mod-icon/relax-mod.png) Relax
  - Too lazy to click your keyboard, eh?
    - You only need to move your cursor to the notes, you do not have to click them.
```
